Hello,

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience.

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 2c5a8f87-69d6-46ef-9471-2dc2bb2a38d9
Review date: May 05, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (118)

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness


Issue Description

The submission includes content that is not complete and final.

Specifically, the app only contains test products.

Users expect the apps they download to be ready for public use and should not include incomplete or placeholder content. Apps shouldn't include placeholder or incomplete content or information.

Next Steps

Revise the app and metadata so that all of its content is complete and final.

Resources

Learn about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(a).


Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: The app showed an error when we tried to login and sign up.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4.2
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users.

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.